number 23 I remember when I came to
China on a trip with a bunch of my
friends from Canada and America and we
had this one guy he was this very tall
black man yeah
in China and then there was these guys
like hitting on me on my friend
yeah and then Ian walks over and they're
like here are 21 things we love about
living in China so just to give you a
background we both moved to Canada when
we were little so basically we're
Canadians and now we've been living
China for a couple months and we want to
share with you our experience so what's
something you love about China white
stuff with filling number two food
delivery though why am I here is amazing
there's so many selections and it always
comes within an hour so you can get
anything you can eat you know
number three Chinese rap
yeah it's a rap of China you guys should
watch it but that's because I'm not a
rap person I think Chinese job is pretty
good nothing's gonna be Drake them
number four I love how everything is
open super late in Canada the store
closes at 7 or 9 sometimes and here it
closes that at 11 p.m. and there's even
some corner stores that close up but
like 2 a.m. honestly 11 is considered
early cuz around like a big modern city
if you go to some far away place usually
like two three in the morning
24 hours number four five I like all the
stray animals in China there's animals
everywhere like how I got this guy I
picked him off on the street really yeah
he followed my boyfriend home but then
we took him
chuckling yeah that's cute
number six all the misspelled English
today we yeah we fashion fashion and
then the next time they try to fix it by
scratching now they eat number seven we
chat everything is all on one app yeah
pay for something we chat I want to talk
to my friends we want to call my mom we
check yeah if I want to buy movie
tickets we check I've owned by food each
other honestly there's only one app you
need here it's we jet literally anything
like what I was filming they got a
massage chair to put on set for the
actors and they were tired you know how
use them just scan them with WeChat
number seven I love how mobile payment
is so wildly to use you so you can as we
said you can pay with WeChat but also
you can pay street vendors with WeChat
everyone has their own Barca that you
just scan for well we were gambling over
Chinese New Year we just use WeChat you
know we like scan each other's and an
automatic deduction have cat yeah you
don't need to carry cash you nobody
carries cash you'll make fun of mix I
carry cash number nine eight eight eight
number eight oh yeah shopping malls are
so big center you drive another half an
hour you got metric telephones that is a
sad excuse for a mall I'm sorry our moms
are like one-tenth the size of the malls
here there's like malls everywhere here
that was not like there's one big mall
like I realize the kid go on a metro
channel is like my birthday like holy
crap my parents are gonna drive me all
the way to Metro town but like here it's
like mall after mile after mile bells
arcades movie theaters ice rinks so
impulsive got everything yeah number
nine I love the online shopping you it's
so cheap and so convenient I spend like
half of
buddy online anything online yeah like
my boyfriend trying to get me to build a
fence around the yard I asked him if
there's a Home Depot he was like why
just get wet online yeah and you can buy
groceries online you can buy toilet
paper yeah I don't want to carry toilet
paper 20 minutes from the grocery home
so we've got it online number 10 yeah
like how Peppa Pig is so big and giant
like you're cool if you have peppa pig
tattooed on your body somewhere
four-legged adults yeah okay all my
friends they get like temporary tattoos
they're all pop okay and the minions but
like Peppa Pig is so random
wait I've never seen a pig as a kid
number 11
I love that wouldn't I feel my side
Chinese people don't want to say
anything cuz I'm walking on the streets
here I see that every single girl has
exact same kpop eyebrows
I'm like Canadian yeah we speak English
they just like we're not gonna deal with
those guys so so I think it's easier to
fill me in public here if you speak
English just like how finally on YouTube
number 12 I love that clothes are super
cheap here number 13 the people above
them I just think they're funny like
they're so in-your-face like if a guy
thinks I'm cute okay ten you're mean
like literally oh my god like I can't I
can't offer things like if they think
they're pretty they just keep staring
yeah if I see a cute guy while I'm
walking like downtown Vancouver he looks
at me always like look away and
then like smile they're just like is it
creepy though well then he comes up to
me and I'm just like sorry English
number fourteen
I like how Chinese boys always fight to
pay them I like that too Chinese really
yep no no take my money and then it gets
into a big fight number 15 I love the
taxi system here I think it's just
because we're from Canada yeah and the
taxi is so community you can call you on
your phone and it just come picks you up
in five minutes and you can go anyway
for super cheap yeah for super cheap
well if you converted had to canadian
yeah i hate to mess with my rice
like what's that race when all the way
over there number 16 I feel special for
the first time in my life a number 17
Chinese commercials because um you know
how that our commercials it's kind of
like a short film we're like halfway
through the commercial you still don't
know what product is being pushed China
this is an iPhone buy the iPhone ha ha
ha 10,000 RMB buy it now buy it buy it
buy I'm a celebrity look I sighs I
signed my name on the bottle this
commercial buy it buy I endorse this
product you should buy it
it's good I thought I phone number 18
anjo is better number 19 IKEA IKEA try
you have not been looks like eh and I've
never been a lobster but it's not just
like Swedish me like they have the
Swedish food and they have like Lobster
that chicken breast chicken salad Lane
number 20 I love the fact you don't have
to tip our restaurants and that's true
because in Canada it's a 10-person 10
tonight what if there's like services
like restaurants I'm on Kayla but like
services I got really confused how much
did paint like if they took my hair I
like those guys my friend he'll do it
like we're really cheat on like yeah in
China tipping is there nothing service
that's another one are we on 21 the
service in China just because like how
the society works so he's not gonna
drive so many people like a service is
like talk not like I love getting my
hair done in China that's the first time
I went the guys are so nice they ran out
bought me magazines bought me lunch
really yeah because I was pretty
you've been here for five hours are you
hungry and they're like man up sir I've
got me fist number 21 I like the fun
things are to do in Beijing especially
oh yeah like you do like you go go for
dinner then you go for bubble tea there
you go home like someone like me who
like doesn't drink like yeah but like
China it was like entertainment
everywhere you're told carding is like
right next door to like the movie
theater which is right next door to the
swimming pool
yeah everything feels alive yeah or
maybe it's just like the city like the
vibe here mm-hmm it's just like constant
fun I was like Vancouver when it rains I
just want to sleep number 22 I got this
one I love the hustle mentality here
that's actually one of the reasons why I
came back to learn that work ethic
because the people here are literally
relentless like if they want to sell you
something they will go on till the very
end until I'll tell you run away it's
like easy to survive a man because
really I'm like just a simple job yeah
like I have people we just like work at
McDonald's our whole life fine where is
it like China everybody let's pushes you
to be better like everybody you have to
be good to even survive yeah like like
that's also like a bad thing it's like
skin hello stressful living by yourself
in China but like like it's good for
like us young people like well we have
the time so go hustle like if it all
fails you can always go back to
Vancouver but like it's a good
experience
number 23 I love the fact that Beijing
now is becoming more multicultural so
like in my home city of tone Sheen I
remember like when I was a kid we would
see a black man in the grocery shop it
everyone would just like stop and stare
him but now no one cares like I remember
when I came to China on a trip with a
bunch of my friends from Canada and
America and we had this one guy
shoutout to ki and I want to send him
this video all right
subscribe Qian so he was this very tall
black man yeah in China everybody was
staring
and I remember this one time we snuck
out at night pass our curfew mm-hmm and
then there was these guys like hitting
on me my friend yeah and then Ian walks
over and they're like go out and like
people would like want to take pictures
with that like I'm pretty sure it's not
like teashop has his picture up on the
wall number 24
this is like a personal thing but I mean
business so I'm realizing that the
standard of living is rising in China
exponentially right now so there's a lot
of growth opportunity here so in my
school in the Chinua school right now
there's a lot of people talking about
startups talking about working for
whatever new company that just started
so if you come here in the next like I
would say three to five years and try to
make something I think there's a lot of
poverty and lastly number 25 and the
number bonus lastly I love all of you
new subscribers because all of you like
literally all of you are so supportive
and you comment and we have a great
conversation down below so let's let's
keep the conversation flowing we're like
billion friendship real friendship you
know like gonna happen weren't friends
before he came to China yeah like we're
like real friends now not nothing you
like me and yeah me and you how about
this why don't you uh tell why don't you
tell one of your friends about me share
my eyebrow video with them and then you
know well girl the family will keep
growing and then you guys can talk to
each other down below perfect perfect
peace out watch more videos and then
what you have to say it's a little bell
yeah mostly me
I have agua
yeah all right
bye number 20 I don't like when old
dudes walk with their bellies out like
this and then I touch it and I like
going to oh you know yesterday I left so
job